update: Mention that you can modify the digits of your Signal username (#2695)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/real-time-communication.md

1. In Signal, open the app's settings and tap your account profile at the top.
2. Tap **Username** and choose **Continue** on the "Set up your Signal username" screen.

> 3. Enter a username. Your username will always be paired with a unique set of digits to keep your username unique and prevent people from guessing it, for example if you enter "John" your username might end up being `@john.35`. By default, only 2 digits are paired with your username but, you can change that during the username creation process, you can even put 10 digits if you wanted to!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter a username. Your username will always be paired with a unique set of digits to keep your username unique and prevent people from guessing it, for example if you enter "John" your username might end up being `@john.35`. By default, only 2 digits are paired with your username when you create it, but you can add more digits until you reach the username length limit (32 characters).
```
